SDK-2024. Deleted old Evaluator and Upgrader doc. Added Manifest inte… (#1675)
spryker/spryker-docs: docs/scu/dev/onboard-to-spryker-code-upgrader/prepare-a-project-for-spryker-code-upgrader.md

The Upgrader does not evaluate frontend customizations. You can either move to headless or apply frontend upgrades manually.

> ## Optional: Make your code is compliant with supported extensions scenarios

Reviewer: I believe it shouldn't be optional

Author: As I understood, Vova doesn't want to obligate customers, to prepare compatibility of their projects with all our rules. the current idea is: "You can use Upgrader right now, but if your project is not compatible with some rules, you will not receive some updates"

Reviewer: ok

> ## Optional: Make your code is compliant with supported extensions scenarios

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Optional: Ensure your code is compliant with the supported extensions scenarios.
```
